[Music]
What's up my kids? Well first of
all if you're watching this on YouTube
of course subscribe to this channel and
my main channel Javier Leira
and that's where you'll always find out about all
the great jumps every day from
all the YouTubers, all the famous people
on TV and everything goes, I mean, the whole
salsa scene is here let's see here it was very
applauded but also very criticized the
Squid Game tournament, to me the
truth is I'll put it now I've been looking
over and such the truth is that I like the
idea it was cool it
has been heavily criticized for the issue that it has
had many errors the server
apparently has been searched a lot and so on
now we'll see some examples but I
honestly said it yesterday now let's
also see a little bit of the best moments
and a summary and so on okay of the best
moments there in the games that they
won and lost and so on that I have there is
a video prepared to react
but I said it yesterday to me yes it's going to
know that like this I would have loved to
participate
if I see another way they will choose me he
tried it no already  I have it okay if I see
another opportunity like that they launch hey
who signs up for a tournament things that
are a one-day tournament I will introduce myself okay
things that are
and nothing let's see the criticism for the
failure no
sometimes things don't go as you want
but I hope you had a good time with
the finals to the pse before I'm
really sorry for the technical failures
next time we will do well everything
is normal that in an event like this
certain errors occur congratulations to you and the
team it has been great next time a thousand
times better
the technical failures continued now they will
go to a game on the ex
a game server let's hope that now everything goes
well he
did the cookie thing but it doesn't
appear
on twitter it
says intermission 45 something to start
soon where does it say that the theme at the
top on the screen at the top it doesn't say
intermission no as if it doesn't show the
game
no you're
not here I do
n't see the list I do
n't know to
go out to have I have to enter four
times for it to
notify me the disk it generally warns you
that you are not in look here you just threw it
nothing restart because then it has been
done up to here team
[Music]
the 'magician' out marc and out restarted have been
the world
today
this is what they have done
the text
will be playing
honeycomb
and is left wanting
the cookie of cookie
but what cookie spotlights well the one
that appears the screen to cut the
cookie
sorry we restart and change from being a
neighbor this defense moshe be normal and
spend but nothing happens reviews these
things happen believe me
this happens man me after
the flea
give a lot of love to the blond already comanche and
to all the organizers that these
things are normal in
big events the servers load whether they are
minecraft block suit of ford night
give it a lot of love a lot of hearts
have whatever a little bit before god
knows there are not so many players not for
a server like this it is supposed to be
used to the games entering
as soon as they will be 100 or so no and nothing
so that he does not get nervous and you will
see how he fixes this like this they
paint points
this scares me what it serves us not to
go well uncle or something the mariano the
filters have
not been said in general about the state
but about what they are starting  and that
should already work
[Music]
another is that they started saying like
Mariana had leaked he
had leaked the code but
[Music]
who can invite me to private servers
but
with me here with me nobody
because we are friends that's why the point is that
the
winners are
not going to enter nobody who is
added
to be a pain in the ass I leaked it then
dude there
were people in the game that
weren't the youtubers they are
going to bathe me it's
not true it's not true that
nothing happened nothing happened
[Music] let's
see
apart from the fact that it's normal for
errors to happen on the wizard server, the
heart gives it to you thank you very much queen
I hope the stream went very well
kisses dad
apart from the fact that it's normal we're talking about
a game
how are they with mod then that makes
you want it not to slow down much more I'm not
saying no without any expert I
say
a game with modified online mod that
makes it slow down much more than
normal we
've already seen this a boom on a bus
doesn't let me move I notify the disk
for help and taking advantage of the fact that I have
said 3 random  They look for me and Melina
knowing that I can't move, chachi the
community, the truth is, well this was the
pique she had with the one who says 3
randoms and it was the one with the girlfriend and I don't know
who else, well it
's official, the rugby tournament was
a failure, an hour and a half for it not even to have
finished yet, a game looked
interesting but no way it failed, [ __ ] the
people how delicate eh, I also
tell you that what delicate cities,
delicate as hell,
well the Rubio squid game tournament
was a failure how boring it was
known since they announced, what a
failure, time, a lot of people
coinciding, the same thing, what was a
failure, the
important thing within each string is how you
carry it, how is it pastor, and each one the
situation and how each one handles
the situation ops since it has been cut off,
you start talking to the chat and you start to
solve it
basically,
well if it's a failure, don't see it
exactly, or failure it wasn't because
yesterday we were here live that we
were dealing with other topics and I remember
that we saw that the blond one was
connected and the blond one was with more than
100,000 viewers
and the others
the well-known 40 to 50 thousand viewers
who ask the streamer if it was
a failure no what happens that yes it is
true that there have been errors which
is normal in this type of events
cannot happen let's see yes it is true that they have to be this one is
a little bit no let's
see it throws you a little bit no if it was
intended or not to have stayed maybe a
couple of hours before or three hours before not
having tested the server with everything
in not having done a couple of tests
to the room and something to start it
I imagine that they would be that they would go from time
to time whatever no but come on it is
better more entertaining more fun maybe
then they see the videos uploaded to
youtube edited not be a failure it is not a
failure it is not there were
a million 1,000,000 there were in total well what a
failure well I would like to
be a failure it is like that
[Music]